Journey.md, before:

Day 1: Watched: [How does Bluetooth Work? (Branch Education)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I1vxu5qIUM)   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Core Concepts: Bluetooth uses a range of 2.4835 GHz to a 2.4 GHz or a 120.7 mm to 124.9 mm wavelength.  
This range is split into 79 different channels, which bluetooth switches through as it transfers information.  
This is to avoid noise and traffic sent out by other devices or routers as they also use the same wavelength. It is also used to prevent eavesdropping  
(Routers split the wavelength into only 14 channels.)  
When information is sent, it is sent as a packet, its size ranging from 250 to a thousand bits.
The packet is split into three parts, the access codes where it establishes connectiona dn synchronizes with the device, making sure it is the correct  
one, the header which is information about the bits in the packet, and the payload, which delivers the music or files to the other device.  
Frequency Shift Keying: The shift in frequency which is assigned to a 1 or a 0 to send data.
Device only sends one wave, the carrier wave, which shifts in frequency.
Phase Shift Keying: Another method to transfer data, changes the direction or speed of the wave and the intensity of it is assigned to a value.
&nbsp;  

&nbsp;  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Day 2: Study Radio Antenna theory  
A radio antenna is a interface between wired and wireless, it takes the alternating frequency signal that are sent from radio equipment  
and converts them into wireless electromagnetic waves. In receive mode when electromagnetic waves impact the wires inside the antenna,  
and an electric current is created which is transferred to the reciever.  
Electromagnetic waves are what radio, ultraviolet, light, etc. are made of. They contain both electric and Magnetic properties.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Active Antennas:  
Active antennas are antennas with amplifiers, they send waves using power and amplifies the signals so they can reach your device.  
An example of this is a Wifi router, as it needs to be connected to an outlet in order to function properly, or a bluetooth headphone  
as it requires charging in order to connect and play music.
&nbsp;  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Passive Antennas:  
Passive antennas are radio antennas that dont have any power of their own, rely on other devices to send waves that induces enough energy  
in their radio antenna that they can reflect waves back.  
An example of this is a NFC card such as a hotel card or a credit card. They require no power however when they come into contact  
with a reader they recieve enough power to recieve and send back waves of information.  
&nbsp;

Commit message:

Expand Journey.md with radio antenna theory details
Added additional details on radio antenna theory and polarization, including definitions and examples.

Journey.md, after:

Day 1: Watched: [How does Bluetooth Work? (Branch Education)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I1vxu5qIUM)   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Core Concepts: Bluetooth uses a range of 2.4835 GHz to a 2.4 GHz or a 120.7 mm to 124.9 mm wavelength.  
This range is split into 79 different channels, which bluetooth switches through as it transfers information.  
This is to avoid noise and traffic sent out by other devices or routers as they also use the same wavelength. It is also used to prevent eavesdropping  
(Routers split the wavelength into only 14 channels.)  
When information is sent, it is sent as a packet, its size ranging from 250 to a thousand bits.
The packet is split into three parts, the access codes where it establishes connectiona dn synchronizes with the device, making sure it is the correct  
one, the header which is information about the bits in the packet, and the payload, which delivers the music or files to the other device.  
Frequency Shift Keying: The shift in frequency which is assigned to a 1 or a 0 to send data.
Device only sends one wave, the carrier wave, which shifts in frequency.
Phase Shift Keying: Another method to transfer data, changes the direction or speed of the wave and the intensity of it is assigned to a value.
&nbsp;  

&nbsp;  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Day 2: Study Radio Antenna theory  
A radio antenna is a interface between wired and wireless, it takes the alternating frequency signal that are sent from radio equipment  
and converts them into wireless electromagnetic waves. In receive mode when electromagnetic waves impact the wires inside the antenna,  
and an electric current is created which is transferred to the reciever.  
Electromagnetic waves are what radio, ultraviolet, light, etc. are made of. They contain both electric and Magnetic properties.  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Active Antennas:  
Active antennas are antennas with amplifiers, they send waves using power and amplifies the signals so they can reach your device.  
An example of this is a Wifi router, as it needs to be connected to an outlet in order to function properly, or a bluetooth headphone  
as it requires charging in order to connect and play music.
&nbsp;  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Passive Antennas:  
Passive antennas are radio antennas that dont have any power of their own, rely on other devices to send waves that induces enough energy  
in their radio antenna that they can reflect waves back.  
An example of this is a NFC card such as a hotel card or a credit card. They require no power however when they come into contact  
with a reader they recieve enough power to recieve and send back waves of information.  Polarization, gain, directivity, resonance, and bandwith are all the same in a passive antenna whether transmitting or recieving.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Day 3: Continue Radio Antenna theory  
Polarization: Orientation of signals recieved and transmitted by an antenna. Most common are vertical and horizontal. 
<img width="690" height="313" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b1761600-a409-47ac-b6d0-66f92be0d63c" />
A antenna with a vertical polarization would need vertical elements to boost signal. EX. 
<img width="402" height="409" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4b263b25-5d0d-4159-a4d1-5071f98e3df8" />
Mismatched elements with polarization siginificantly decreases signal.
Eliptical or curved polarization is mainly used on antennas that don't need a specific orientation, however elements must still match the rotation.
Used in Satellites, GPS, and some Drone systems. 
Mobile devices use multiple antennas with different polarization, while Bluetooth devices use antennas that radiate in many directions  
so the connection stays stable.
